---
tags: []
layout: post
title: St. Edward’s University Partners with Austin Coding Academy on Flexible Software
  Development Program
description: St. Edward’s University is partnering with Austin Coding Academy, one
  of the largest coding bootcamps in the state of Texas and a leader in technology
  education, to launch a Software Developer program aimed at providing practical and
  accessible technical training.
created_at: 2020-10-13 10:00:00 -0500
updated_at: 2020-10-13 11:00:00 -0500
categories:
- press-release
excerpt: St. Edward’s University is partnering with Austin Coding Academy, one of
  the largest coding bootcamps in the state of Texas and a leader in technology education,
  to launch a Software Developer program aimed at providing practical and accessible
  technical training.
redirect_from: []
permalink: "/blog/press-release/st-edwards-university-partners-with-austin-coding-academy/"
canonical_link: ''
author_name: Austin Coding Academy
author_email: info@austincodingacademy.com
school_keys:
- austincodingacademy
img: "/assets/uploads/aca-steds-horizontal-logo-2x-1.png"

---
Oct 13, 2020

\*Original publication can be found on: [https://www.stedwards.edu/news-center/news-releases/st-edwards-university-partners-austin-coding-academy-flexible-software](https://www.stedwards.edu/news-center/news-releases/st-edwards-university-partners-austin-coding-academy-flexible-software "https://www.stedwards.edu/news-center/news-releases/st-edwards-university-partners-austin-coding-academy-flexible-software")

AUSTIN, Texas — St. Edward’s University is partnering with Austin Coding Academy, one of the largest coding bootcamps in the state of Texas and a leader in technology education, to launch a Software Developer program aimed at providing practical and accessible technical training.

The Software Development program by Austin Coding Academy at St. Edward’s University is a 10-month, part-time, in-person program led by professional developers. Austin Coding Academy’s certified instructors will deliver proven curriculum, and career services specialists will provide support throughout the program.

St. Edward’s University selected Austin Coding Academy because of its experience in partnering with higher education institutions. With a shared belief in equity in education, St. Edward’s University and Austin Coding Academy have designed a program that will prepare individuals of diverse backgrounds to become professional software developers.

The program, which will launch its first cohort in January 2021, offers a flexible schedule for working professionals, unlimited tutoring, affordable tuition and job assistance.

Over the next decade, employment of software developers is projected to grow 22%, much faster than the average for all occupations. In Austin, there are a number of fast-growing tech companies. The average salary for a software developer is $107,510.

Enrollees in the Software Developer program will receive practical, project-based curriculum. The program is a Full Stack Web Development track consisting of five courses, including Intro to Web, Language Basics, Back-End JavaScript, Front-End JavaScript and Job Assistance.

As part of the Software Developer program, students will hone their skills in a capstone project, building real-world applications. They will also receive training in the latest industry tools, including Facebook’s React and Redux development tools. Before graduating, students will take a four-week, job-assistance course, which includes portfolio support, résumé building, networking opportunities and job-finding strategies.

More on the Austin Coding Academy classroom experience:

• Classes utilize the “flipped classroom” approach.

• Each class is taught by an experienced, full-time web developer.

• Software Development program students have access to unlimited tutoring outside of class hours.

To apply to the Software Developer Program by Austin Coding Academy at St. Edward’s University, visit: [aca.stedwards.edu](http://aca.stedwards.edu/ "aca.stedwards.edu")

**About St. Edward’s University:**

St. Edward’s University is a private, liberal arts university in the Catholic, Holy Cross tradition with approximately 4,000 students. Located in Austin, Texas, it is one of the top universities in Texas and offers more than 50 undergraduate and 10 graduate programs. With a network of partner universities around the world, St. Edward’s delivers a premier, highly personalized education that helps students explore their own transformational pathways to knowledge, experience, understanding and success. St. Edward’s has been recognized for 18 consecutive years as one of “America’s Best Colleges” by U.S. News & World Report and holds the #8 spot among Best Regional Universities in the West in the U.S. News 2020 and 2021 rankings. For more information on St. Edward’s, visit [stedwards.edu/about](https://www.stedwards.edu/about-st-edwards-university "stedwards.edu/about-st-edwards-university").

**About Austin Coding Academy:**

Austin Coding Academy is Austin’s source for innovative tech talent and education. Our mission is to make careers in technology accessible to everyone through practical and equitable technical training and to provide innovative solutions and training to tech companies. Learn more about ACA here: [https://austincodingacademy.com/](https://austincodingacademy.com/ "austincodingacademy.com")